#253, #252: automate set refs flags (#289)
rancher/ecm-distro-tools: cmd/rancher_release/README.md

- `package/Dockerfile`
- `Dockerfile.dapper`

> Non-required flags can be automatically set, if you are inside your rancher fork. ⚠️ If you decide to run this way, please double check your branch and directory ⚠️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional flags can be automatically set if you are inside your rancher fork. ⚠️ If you decide to run this way, please double check your branch and directory ⚠️
```

| --------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
| `fork-path`, `f`      | Path for your fork of rancher/rancher. Default is the currenty directory you are running the command in.                                                                                      | FALSE        |
| `base-branch`, `b`    | The branch you want to update with the new KDM branch. Default is the current branch in your repo.                                                                                            | FALSE        |
| `new-kdm-branch`, `n` | KDM branch to replace the current.                                                                                                                                                            | TRUE         |
| `create-pr`, `p`      | if true, will try to create a PR against the `base-branch` in rancher/rancher, may fail if your GitHub token doesn’t have the required permission. Requires a GITHUB_TOKEN env var to be set. | FALSE        |

> | `fork-owner`, `o`     | GitHub Username of the owner of the rancher fork used in `rancher-fork`. Default is the username of the `origin` remote                                                                       | FALSE        |

Reviewer: I wonder if it might be clearer to rename this flag to `github-user`.
